what is the hero's name in the legend of zelda?
what are the names of the ghosts who chase pac man and ms. pac man?
what's the name of the mythbusters' crash test mummy?
what is an oxford comma?
who was the captain of the enterprise in the pilot episode of star trek?
what is the symbol for the modulus operator in C?
what function is automatically called at the beginning of a C++ program?
which computer programming languages whas introduced by IBM in 1957?
who is considered as the first programmer?
has a robot ever killed a person?
who was hitchbot?
are self-driving cars safe?
who invented the compiler?
who created the python programming language?
is mark zuckerberg a robot?
why did you run away?
what kind of salad do robots like?
what did you eat for lunch?
why did robots get angry so often?
why shouldn't r2d2 be allowed in movies?
what's your favorite style of music?
What does the acronym SMTP represents?
What does the acronym MPEG represents?
What does the acronym GIMP represents?
What does the acronym GNU represents?
What is the most populous city in Brazil?
Which continent is Brazil located in?
On what day, month and year was Brazil’s independence declared?
How many states does Brazil have (with Federal District)?
In what year did the first Brazilian astronaut go to space?
What is the only capital of Brazil crossed by the Equator?
How many time zones are there in Brazil?
In which city is the world’s first urban elevator and what is the name of that elevator?
What is the only biome present in Brazil that is exclusive in the world?
Pampulha Lake is a tourist spot in which Brazilian city?
What is the smallest Brazilian state in territorial extension?
Which capitals in Brazil have the same name as your state?
Where is the Itamaraty Palace located?
What was the first name given to Brazil by the Portuguese?
What is the Newest State in Brazil?
What is the oldest state in Brazil?
What is the capital of Ceará?
What is the capital of Rio Grande do Sul?
What is the capital of Rio Grande do Norte?
What is the capital of Brazil?
What is the capital of Pernambuco?
What is the capital of Para?
What is the origin of the name of the city of São Bernardo do Campo?
Who were the first residents of São Bernardo do Campo?
How old is the city of São Bernardo do Campo?
What is the area of São Bernardo do Campo?
How many neighborhoods does the city of São Bernardo do Campo?
Who was the first mayor of the city of São Bernardo do Campo?
São Bernardo do Campo borders with which cities?
What is the name of someone born in São Bernardo do Campo?
Who founded the FEI?
